In continuing with our layered approach,
we turned to updating Linux.
For those keeping score at home,
this will fall under prevention.
Keeping your Linux servers properly patched is essential.
CentOS uses Yum as it's updating mechanism.
In case you were wondering,
Yum stands for Yellowdog Updater, Modified.
We'll learn about viewing installed updates,
viewing what updates are available,
and choosing which updates to install.
To view a list of currently installed updates,
type sudo yum list installed.
As a reminder, sudo gives us elevated privileges.
The result will likely be several pages long.
This is just a snippet for your review.
We're now going to view available updates for the packages we currently have installed.
You can run this command on your lab machine to see similar results.
Again, we'll add sudo to the command to give us the necessary privileges.
Type sudo yum list updates.
At a minimum, you want to run security updates
and possibly leave others to the systems administration team.
To view the security updates only,
run sudo yum update space minus minus security.
As with all updates,
you need to have a dedicated test bedded
machines that match your production to test updates.
That way, if an update causes malfunction or misconfiguration,
you can run it and testing and not when a customer calls.
Similar to Windows, it's best if
all your Linux machines aren't downloading updates at once.
Rather, you can set up a local update repository to download
all updates and push them to your machines
at a schedule that makes sense for your organization.